Split README into sphinx doc structured sections (#711)
chatmail/relay: doc/source/faq.rst

Frequently asked questions
===========================

What is the difference between chatmail relays and classic e-mail servers?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

A chatmail relay is a minimal Mail Transport Agent (MTA) setup that
goes beyond what classic e-mail servers offer:

-  **Zero State:** no private data or metadata collected, messages are auto-deleted, low disk usage

-  **Instant/Realtime:** sub-second message delivery, realtime P2P

>    streaming, privacy-preserving Push Notifications for Apple, Google, and Huawei;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   streaming, privacy-preserving Push Notifications for Apple, Google, and Ubuntu Touch;
```

No Huawei currently, but we have Ubuntu Touch.
Can have a link to https://docs.ubports.com/en/latest/appdev/guides/pushnotifications.html

Author: fixed
